README.md, before:

<!--
 Copyright 2023 lesongvi
 
 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at
 
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 
 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
-->
Here we go again! Practitioner certificate!
  
On my re-learning progress!

# What is Cloud Computing?
- Refer. to [What is Cloud Computing?](/what_is_cloud_computing/README.md)

# Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- Refer. to [Identity and Access Management (IAM)](/iam/README.md)

#  Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)
- Refer. to [Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)](/ec2/README.md)

## EC2 Instance Storage
- Refer. to [EC2 Instance Storage](/ec2/instance_storage/README.md)

## Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) & Auto Scaling Groups (ASG)
- Refer. to [Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) & Auto Scaling Groups (ASG)](/elb_asg/README.md)

## Amazon S3
- Refer. to [Amazon S3](/amazon_s3/README.md)

## Database
- Refer. to [Database](/database/README.md)

## Other Compute Services - Serverless Computing - Lambda
- Refer. to [Other Compute Services](/other_compute_services/README.md)

## Deployments & Managing Infrastructure at Scale
- Refer. to [Deployments & Managing Infrastructure at Scale](/deployments/README.md)

## Global Infrastructure
- Refer. to [Global Infrastructure](/global_infrastructure/README.md)

## Cloud Integrations
- Refer. to [Cloud Integrations](/cloud_integrations/README.md)

## Cloud Monitoring
- Refer. to [Cloud Monitoring](/cloud_monitoring/README.md)

## VPC & Networking
- Refer. to [VPC & Networking](/vpc_networking/README.md)

## Security & Compliance
- Refer. to [Security & Compliance](/security_compliance/README.md)

## Machine Learning
- Refer. to [Machine Learning](/machine_learning/README.md)

Commit message:

Update Account management, Billing & Support section

README.md, after:

<!--
 Copyright 2023 lesongvi
 
 Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
 you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
 You may obtain a copy of the License at
 
     http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0
 
 Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
 distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
 WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
 See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
 limitations under the License.
-->

# What is Cloud Computing?
- Refer. to [What is Cloud Computing?](/what_is_cloud_computing/README.md)

# Identity and Access Management (IAM)
- Refer. to [Identity and Access Management (IAM)](/iam/README.md)

#  Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)
- Refer. to [Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2)](/ec2/README.md)

## EC2 Instance Storage
- Refer. to [EC2 Instance Storage](/ec2/instance_storage/README.md)

## Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) & Auto Scaling Groups (ASG)
- Refer. to [Elastic Load Balancing (ELB) & Auto Scaling Groups (ASG)](/elb_asg/README.md)

## Amazon S3
- Refer. to [Amazon S3](/amazon_s3/README.md)

## Database
- Refer. to [Database](/database/README.md)

## Other Compute Services - Serverless Computing - Lambda
- Refer. to [Other Compute Services](/other_compute_services/README.md)

## Deployments & Managing Infrastructure at Scale
- Refer. to [Deployments & Managing Infrastructure at Scale](/deployments/README.md)

## Global Infrastructure
- Refer. to [Global Infrastructure](/global_infrastructure/README.md)

## Cloud Integrations
- Refer. to [Cloud Integrations](/cloud_integrations/README.md)

## Cloud Monitoring
- Refer. to [Cloud Monitoring](/cloud_monitoring/README.md)

## VPC & Networking
- Refer. to [VPC & Networking](/vpc_networking/README.md)

## Security & Compliance
- Refer. to [Security & Compliance](/security_compliance/README.md)

## Machine Learning
- Refer. to [Machine Learning](/machine_learning/README.md)

## Account Management, Billing & Support
- Refer. to [Account Management, Billing & Support](/account_management/README.md)

## Advanced Identity
- Refer. to [Advanced Identity](/advanced_identity/README.md)

## Other Services
- Refer. to [Other Services](/other_services/README.md)

## AWS Architecting & Ecosystem
- Refer. to [AWS Architecting & Ecosystem](/aws_architecting/README.md)

## One thing that I never forget in my life
> That's it for this lecture, I hope you liked it, and I will see you in the next lecture!
